Yes Mars thank you is Claire's Hasumi yes every time beautiful woman knitting is dead the person your appearance
Thank you
Here is the I Netto omnibus format even though
Beauty is On people here buckle strange I of 3 people
I went to a spiritual spot
It is like a story
Yeah Yes
Mr. Kakuna was attracted to what kind of place that shooting was
I went to that ruin
Nakano
Well not Dosan'ya's well of new employees of Nee
Something of the ruined hotel
How much to remake something else
It 's a preliminary investigation as to whether that reform is necessary
I was on a business trip but there was a background Hotel Day
It is said that we encounter a psychic phenomenon a little
It will feel
Tomorrow Mr. Kai himself likes that ruins and such places
It's beautiful, isn't it already? I'm a race I'm too strong low at all
It does when the story of this your work has come
In the day that the Tteyuu not Ah Kicha' was I thought I was I Oh of course unpleasant feelings
After that there is the next time you a strong work Nde I thought I Na I wonder also work say
Or
But yes i went today
It wasn't that much I was allowed to go during the day when it was very bright
Want great Tsuyoku'
Seriously absolutely trying abide by the early
I have to issue energy once
Did you like something quite playful ?
I love to play
Department this time
noa
When I went to this this in shooting
Speak to jvd a little
Twice of that Toka Toka little or after confirmation
very well
Do you care
How was the voice that side was also great
And Kimochiyoku' Nde was about 8 to 12 May in open-air bath in thickness Saga reverse of the voice to door
I feel just right
It's so hot in hot spring
Cormorant or say that it has encountered a strange sight
It is a hot spring that passes through dolls, but that little
If there is a boiler man and with a voice in the back of the screen of galvanized iron
As soon as it appears there are evidence of artificially clean holes and there are about 3 places
There I Mi easy 1 original 3 In the right and the middle and the left
Line in the tape it from the back
I put it and I'm repairing the flower again
4 Check in relation to that shooting and find it when everyone gets rough
I put a tape from the side of the hot spring already
Is not it not been decided is scolded does Is Ah this mystery clean not even poked fix it
Though
Outright flowers
Not only has entered into such a strong place do I was not afraid that the Toka something during shooting
I am the scene where the psychic phenomenon is
Nde Rei mother is not when the network
It is a child who did not do good
Say I think that it did not feel so far is that way, such wonder whether I did not do something and
Experience
In fact there is no
What a great old age teens already
In slavery
I went to drive with people I know
Naka bamboo from Tokyo
I went, such as to where the climb village Noriyuki Hano mountain
There seems to be a couple like to put a lot of keys on the steel tower
I went there, but when I come
The road is only about 1000 yen together in the great hairy after all
so
cigar
v system
'S wall but I know that stone walls mean
Let's go on the slope with feeling that people are getting close to this side
I have a house
I am from that mountain
Get back to Tokyo and get in the passenger seat by car
so
Just what
It was midnight 2 o'clock 3 o'clock
About 5 years old boy in short sleeve shorts
Not I also noticed over suddenly the car and waved I was raised by'm in sudden braking even people of the next
so
I parents I said I'm What are you doing in use already doing dangerous Do
Also a secondary 3 Tsugika If you notice in here house Hamou of after passing the bonus It's all dark
This is home
I think I will
Yeah I askedｰｰｰwas ear to the people of the shopkeeper between the
For the time being, don't say anything, but don't touch it if it's over
Oh oh oh oh
I sensibility is fine gal to say
If you do it is likely to be a touch It is the first time I'm not afraid or coke but 3 cats
I think Toka Na or bet that there are a Well traffic accident that the it does not is
Nde was the middle of winter I Wow faction a Omakeni it short-sleeved shorts
So when the Well
Because there is experience Tteyuu this shooting may further strong I'm So seen
Follow
Even his favorite one was able to shoot hard and started shooting
I wanted to finish scary shooting already
What are the attractions in that Hasumi's talking about this a little while ago
After all I
It is also a cover of this where you know your heart and is easy to see
Here we were with the tea Pucho' in Hot Springs
Just here in the open-air bath
This is the problem wall of the tongue I mentioned earlier, though
Here at a little even cold outside air and we hit also Pake in hot water is a little heat Me in this hot spring
It is a feeling that is just right
I use store like hot water from hot water like store
It was great fun , according to the story
When I came into the hot spring here, I heard that I did something
I was told that
I don't remember the language but it's a little blue
What you find interesting in Nha just how to meet the a smile that I want to check whether the hole of the
Is it nya ?
I wish I could check it for a moment
To everyone the last to us to try to see or from this is us watching this work
Please give me a message
Yes this is my first time to work on molecules
Because I took it with dvd 3ds
eh
Though it does not mean that it is a great feature film
I long to do I usually also it is not it there Toka acting to shout Nde psychic a
Than a thing not a
I do not have Suma Ward even though such an acting high
We are paying attention
There is also a sexy scene at the end even if you play alone, so if you can enjoy it by all means
Do you think
Thanking you in advance